Update installation with apt (#905)
lethe-cfd/lethe: doc/source/installation/regular_installation.rst

   :height: 100px

.. important::
  Distributions compatibility: Ubuntu 18.04 LTS, Ubuntu 20.04 LTS, Ubuntu 22.04 LTS, Centos 7 and Manjaro

* Dependencies: deal.II library (`deal.II website <https://www.dealii.org/>`_) and its dependencies (MPI, numdiff, p4est, trilinos and METIS)

>   * Lethe requires a modern version of the deal.II library. At the time of this writing, ``deal.II 9.4`` and ``deal.II 10.0pre`` (the ``master`` branch version) are supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Lethe requires a modern version of the deal.II library. At the time of this writing, ``deal.II 9.5`` and ``deal.II 9.6pre`` (the ``master`` branch version) are supported.
```
